<h2>An-accurate-LSTM-based-real-time-sentiment-analyzer-for-marketing-exploration</h2>
As of January 2021, Twitter had approximately 6.45 million active users in Canada, accounting for almost 17% its population. Twitter is a hugely potential source of information for marketing exploration. In this project, we generate a tweet sentiment classifier to provide customers the opinion of Twitter community about a product or a service of interest. We firstly take advantage of manually annotated tweets to train the classifier. The dataset was preprocessed, encoded, and transformed using various Python libraries before feeding to deep learning models. The best model will be chosen as the final classifier. In our system, the information that customers are interested in, will be collected from Twitter in real-time manner. The retrieved tweets are processed and classified using the established classifier to extract useful information that presents back to the customer in graphs or statistic numbers. We finally package the procedures into a web app using a powerful web framework, composed of Django and Django REST API, which benefits both customer and administrator to handle information at ease. The source code is managed with GitHub repository and available online in PythonAnywhere clouding. This is an neural network-based real time twitter sentiment analyzer which can analyze attitude of twitter users about a brand of interest. This accurate LSTM-based sentiment analyzer would be beneficial for any firm/startups to analyze and evaluate the public sentiment towards their new product/brand.